# Audio Harmonizer 
# 1.	Executive Summary
The Audio Harmonizer is a product that will revolutionize solo performances by introducing an affordable and easy to use system. Users can generate or build a series of harmonies through a mobile application which is used alongside a microphone and harmony generator to output multiple harmonies through a speaker in real time. The product utilizes signal manipulation to create harmonies from the user’s own voice. By combining converters, microcontrollers, and a mobile application, our team will create a system that produces a choir effect that can only be replicated by multiple pre-recorded voices. The following sections walk through a high level overview of the system as well as information regarding its use, users, and impact.

# 2.	Introduction
This document introduces a high level overview of our proposed Audio Harmonizer. The system will be composed of a blackbox with audio input and output that connects to a mobile application via bluetooth to generate harmonies in real time. The system will be capable of generating harmonies for a variety of chord progressions at any tempo as well as allowing composers to create their own harmonies on the mobile app. Users such as solo independent artists and those without the proper money or resources for proper equipment can use our application to create more complex art easily.

# 2.1. Background
With a rise in accessibility of producing and creating music, artists have been known to rise to stardom via free applications one can find on their phone such as Soundcloud, Tiktok, or Youtube. By creating technology that allows people to create music from their bedrooms, the music industry has transformed allowing those without the proper funding or resources a fair chance at success. Our team has come up with a product that will allow even the most inexperienced musicians to bring complexity and artistry to their work in a way that previously was far more exclusive.
The audio harmonizer is an application that creates a four part harmony in real time. By connecting the necessary equipment to your phone via bluetooth, the mobile app allows you to have control over what harmonies you wish to add or create from scratch. Simply connect a microphone to the input and a speaker to the output on the equipment, pick the mode of operation and either use the automated harmonies or create your own, choose the volume settings for each harmony, and set the speed of the song. Now, when you sing or play into the microphone, an output of up to four melodies will be heard as the lead melody is being played.
Existing plugins that create harmonies do exist, however, most of the harmonizers can create only two  or three harmonies. In addition the more complex harmonizers are very expensive, costing up to $250 to use outside of a two week free trial. The plugins also only work with digital audio workstations (DAW). Good quality DAW can cost anywhere from $60 - $1000, which could be another cost that a small up and coming musician cannot afford. By making an affordable four part harmonizer that also can exist as a stand alone application, we are ensuring that independent artists can use our product to compose, produce, and perform.

The Audio Harmonizer system comprises two major components, the mobile application and the harmony generator, as seen in Figure 2.1. The mobile application that allows the users to choose the harmonies and the tempo of the music. This information will be passed via bluetooth to the harmony generator.  
The harmony generator takes an analog audio input from a microphone, converts it to a digital signal, uses the information passed down via bluetooth to generate the correct harmonies, and converts the new digital signal to an analog output which can be played through an amplifier.

